feat(swagger-editor): customizable codegen URLs (#2910)
swagger-api/swagger-editor: README.md

docker run -d -p 80:8080 -e BASE_URL=/swagger-editor swaggerapi/swagger-editor
```

You can also customize the different endpoints used by the Swagger Editor with the following environment variables. For instance, this can be useful if you have your own Swagger generator server:

Environment variable | Default value

> --- | --- | ---

Reviewer: This unfortunately doesn't generate the table. There are 3 columns in table header, but only 2 columns in table body.

`URL_SWAGGER2_GENERATOR` | https://generator.swagger.io/api/swagger.json
`URL_OAS3_GENERATOR` | https://generator3.swagger.io/openapi.json
`URL_SWAGGER2_CONVERTER` | https://converter.swagger.io/api/convert

> If you simply want to run the Swagger Editor locally without the Codegen features (Generate Server and Generate Client) you can simply set the above environment variables to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the Swagger Editor locally without the Codegen features (Generate Server and Generate Client) you can set the above environment variables to `null` (`URL_SWAGGER2_CONVERTER=null`).
```
